why don't this invisible man just ask
Sam instead of asking you as if you know
his heart what's up Avery hey hear me
how's everything good pretty good man
I'm blessed by the Lord Jesus Christ
man all right why why are we blessed
because he is risen because he's
risen all right so Avery I'm not driving
right now I'm in front of my computer
perfect and uh I did uh I did pull up
the so I did pull up the verse that we
went over last time right and just to
let the other guests know we were just
discussing about scientifical miracles
in the Quran and like things that it it
it had talked about that haven't
happened and then Avery said well is the
opposite true if the if something is
proven wrong and he brought up the verse
um of where it's inah 1886 where the Sun
is setting in murky water so I I read
that verse again in my head
but I didn't want to join your live
right away I just needed to do more
research on it to see exactly where
you're coming from and the um the verse
states that it first off it's talking
about a story so it's talking about a
man and when it talks about and when it
talks about the Sun is setting in water
they use the word w so it's like w means
that he saw it he saw it and when he
when it's referring to he it's talking
about that the man saw it as if it's
setting in and and and by the way this
is not a claim because he found it yeah
that he found it and by the way when
when the the difference between a claim
that God is making it would have been it
is setting and and again this goes back
to the lack of knowledge in the Arabic
language um
so that's
beautiful I saying that's beautiful okay
so basically this is just the
perspective of Alexander the Great or or
the two horns right the two no
onea great yeah no one that's that maybe
someone claim go ahead yeah yeah okay
okay whoever the two-horned person is
you're saying that that is his
perspective okay great now go to you
have you said you're computers in front
of you right yep okay if you go to
sua.com sua.com Oh Black doctor already
got it somebody give me big
screen he already got it okay check this
out look look at look at this um Hadith
on the
screen okay all right so this is saying
Muhammad now was being asked where the
sun sets right muhamad was being asked
where the sun sets Abu is reporting
reporting this and he said Allah and his
Apostle no best he said it sets in a
spring of warm water
okay I do see that so it's not just the
perspective of of uh you know the
two-horned man or L it's not just his
perspective but this actually was
something that Muhammad himself
taught okay
soam I'm just I'm just going to bring up
two two things number one I'm not trying
to hide or run away from any anything
but when it comes to Hadith I do have to
do my research on it and I do have to
look into it which I'm doing which I'm
doing right now as we speak okay I
understand I understand that you might
have done your research on it but I
wanted to stick to the Quran to be
honest with you but we could we could
definitely talk about Hadith as well I
mean it's gonna take it's gonna I just
want this conversation to move along is
that the both the Hadith and the Quran
say the exact same thing that found of
son setting in water Muhammad says that
it's a fact that the sun sets in a in in
in water so it's that there they're
compatible they say the same thing okay
I mean I'm going to it doesn't say the
same thing because one is our prophets
making a claim right because the man in
the Hadith that you just showed the man
was asking our Prophet about it and our
Prophet said that and by the way this is
a Hadith that I have not authenticated
so this is Muhammad asking this is
Muhammad asking him Muhammad is the one
who brought it up and it's sah yeah okay
so again I have to look okay okay you're
claiming itah from what can you give me
the book post it again if you look at
the bottom I'll make them big
screened as authentic sah sah in change
by who by
who okay and it's abood as well that's
the book so he thinks it's
authentic abood and Alani says it's
authentic okay so I tell you what H
don't violate the one rule what's the
one rule
the one rule is this my friend and I'll
keep it short for you nobody throws
Allah Muhammad or the Islamic scholars
under the bus if anyone's gonna throw
any of those guys under the bus let me
tell you what H it's gonna be me let me
tell you let me let me clarify something
for you we follow we follow the book of
Allah and listen I this is what I do I
don't care about who scholar what
scholar the great of the greatest of
Scholars have had mistakes in their work
so it doesn't matter a scholar does not
matter to me what matters is the book of
Allah and theith and by the way the
Hadith cannot contradict the book of
Allah not the vice versa not the vice
vers so you see how that Muhammad is in
perfect alignment with the verse about
the sun setting in water right
exactly I okay so you're okay you are
saying that but my my point is I'm not
not taking that Hadith into into my I'm
not okay number one I'm not taking the
Hadith word for word cuz number one
again I have to go back to it and and
and read it in Arabic and translate it
in Arabic and get the exact meaning what
I say I would say that you maybe then
shouldn't say anything else about this
subject until you have done that okay
yeah I will you didn't bring that up
last time but now that I know that
there's a Hadith I'm going to look into
it my question to you Avery though with
that given let just say let's just say
that talk
about no no no I I'm saying it to move
the conversation along I understand this
is live people are watching my point is
I want to talk about the sub how come
there are more truthful okay one wrong
thing about science in Islam he me can
you hear me yeah I want to talk about
the subject now so now that that's
finished let's talk about the main
subject of the live stream okay so G
Jesus was
crucified brother Avery with all due
respect the subject of the screen has to
do with whether Islam is correct or
Islam is wrong at the end of the day
because we're the only ones that say
that he's not crucified other than the
the rest of the world believes it we are
the only ones that because because we
have received Knowledge from what we
believe is God right who we we believe
the Quran is from God and and in the
Quran it says that he wasn't crucified
so the whole what can I ask you this uh
what happened what happened to Jesus
okay so I can't tell you anything other
than the Quran what the Quran what the
Quran says yeah tell says that he was
replaced by a man that looks like him to
get crucified is that what the Quran
says yeah let me pull it up hold on 4
verse 157 my brother doesn't say that in
the
Quran because I want to show you that
what the Quran accuses us of you as
Muslims are actually guilty 41 15
7 157 y I'm pulling it up
okay so you're now what you just threw
under the bus your Scholars you're going
to have to appeal to your Scholars to
interpret this because they're all over
the place when it comes to interpreting
this well they don't won't have to throw
the Hadith under the bus because there
is none about this uh actually there's
some hints there's some Hadith that have
on yeah we got some yeah yeah some oh
you naughty you surprise me there's
there's a sah that maybe black doctor
you can get this yeah where where
Muhammad talks about a prophet who was
being beaten by his own people them
right
yeah he says something like forgive them
for they know not what they
do that sounds like I'm looking at
now
okay cuz we got a lot of questions a lot
a lot of questions about this verse a
lot of questions and and listen if I
don't have the proper knowledge to
answer those questions I'm not GNA then
we'll hold you accountable and we will
never become Muslims it's it's F it's
it's fine it's using using things like
that by the way it's saying that we'll
never become Muslims listen man it's
okay if if you don't want to become
Muslims that's like me saying I'll never
become Jesus because of something that
someone
else I'll never become Christian because
of the lack of knowledge of a human
right let's just say some some way your
your whole point of this is you want to
spread the truth you would never our
whole point is that we have the truth
and evidence that backs up one position
while the opposing position has no
evidence and no answers and that's
what's keeping us from you know
switching positions
we're going to stick with the side that
has all the evidence in the uh you know
in the back in the backup the
substance all right okay so it says that
Isa was res resurrected that not sorry
not resurrected he was
risen that he was risen up to the
because I'm I'm I'm I'm looking at
commentary right now he was resurrected
he was resurrected close me listen don't
get me wrong don't you think close to
the kingdom even even the fact that that
you guys use the word resurrected don't
you don't you see a link there somewhere
that okay resurrected means that he has
risen up to God and the Islam the
Islamic belief is that he has risen up
to God no that's not a resurrection
that's there's no Resurrection but there
is the fact that both the action H me H
me that's not a resurrection that is an
Ascension to rise up okay Ascension I
agree agree we believe we believe that
he was risen to God yes um and and I
from Hadith it was that he was replaced
by a man looking like him doesn't say
that thean okay I'll have to bring you
the evidence then you said you want to
read the verse did you read the verse
yes I read the verse okay so what does
the verse say before we get to what the
commentary say what does the verse
say all right so we killed the Messiah
Jesus Son of Mary the messenger of Allah
but they neither killed or crucified it
was only made to appear so even those
who argue for this crucifixions are in
doubt they they have no knowledge
whatsoever only making assumptions they
certainly did not kill him rather Allah
raised him to himself and Allah is the
almighty and all wise okay so the
question was what happened to Jesus
based on this verse what happened to him
that Allah Allah so it it was made it
was made to look like he was crucified
but in reality Allah rised him to raised
him to himself how what happened yeah
what exactly happened though so Allah
made it appear but what does that look
like like let's say we're back in the
first century where there we we see this
I don't know what you believe in happen
but something made to made it appear to
the people that he was crucified what
exactly
happened okay I mean what what's what
try what answer do you want from me
because if I don't have the knowledge
like I said I won't be able to answer it
I know we're going to hold you
accountable and we'll never become
Muslims if you answer I mean that's
that's fine listen you could hold me
accountable all all you want God sees
the truth you're making Islam look so
you're making Islam look bad I am not
making Islam look bad the lack of
knowledge does not mean that God doesn't
know what happened it just means does
know what happened listen listen you
can't you weren't there bro you weren't
there you can't God God told you what
happened bro no no listen listen Avery
you you guys are basing everything off
of that Christianity is the truth I'm
going to be basing everything off of
that Islam is the
truth the evidence the evidence is that
God spoke in history and he told us
thousands of years ago that he's going
to come in the flesh and that he's going
to give his life up as a ransom for
mankind that's what he told us before
Jesus was even born we then get to the
gospel and we see that Jesus gives his
life up as a ransom and is crucified on
under pontious pilot given up and
betrayed by the Jews and he rises again
on the third day then we see that his
disciples and followers and even
non-believers say that they saw him
resurrected that he visited them where's
your validity where's your validity to
this truth I I just gave it to you no no
you didn't all you did was so now so now
when we have this long stretch of
evidence of witnesses saying the same
thing saying the same thing having the
same thread and same
message a big game of telephone all
these people who all say that Jesus was
crucified under pontious pilate
everybody says this except the Muslims
when you have no answers no proof no
backup for nothing why to a position
like that so you're basing your answer
your your salvation on a big game of
telephone on evidence on a game of
telephone on evidence yeah on a big game
of telephone from 2000 years ago
evidence what is your what is your
evidence to the contrary exactly there
we go that's okay what's my evidence my
evidence is that the Quran is a miracle
and it brings and it shows itself show
scien we show you explain that if you
can scientific errors how going to be a
miracle it doesn't have scientific
errors we showed you no you didn't son
sets in water that's it doesn't it
doesn't the Quran the Quran says that
someone saw the sun as if it was setting
in he found it he
found you have to go back to the word
listen means he found Avery I just came
into the stream just to just to tell you
one
thing I'm not I'm not interested in the
one thing you came to tell me you have
no evidence to back up your Muslim
position that's the point yes I do yes I
do then what is your evidence that Jesus
was not Crucified My My evidence is that
it was mentioned in the Quran and the
Quran itself is a book sent from God
therefore I do not need to know the
whole story to know that that claim in
there is correct and the all you have is
conjecture all have is conjecture it's
not conjecture it's not conjecture Pro
hear me look yes I'm I'm G just let you
know the reality of your situation my
friend um go ahead you have I'm I'm I'm
preface it by saying this in the two
times that we spoken I see that you have
a good heart and you desire good
conversation um but this is the reality
yes are in a position where you are
defending nothing but a
claim with nothing all you have is a
claim the Quran is a miracle the Quran
is the word from God therefore I believe
it with nothing to back it up yes I do
you believe Jesus was not crucified
because the Quran claims he wasn't crci
right nothing to back it up it's just a
claim you're going against all of
history you're going against all of
historical Scholars you're going against
all the prophets you're going against
the gospel in Jesus himself you have
nothing to stand on unless the Torah and
the gospel well well all all you're
presenting in that case is the Torah and
the gospel as your evidence as a chain
chain of narrations as your evidence
where that no you admitted that
everybody says except for
Muslims but that's not liable sources
just because everybody says something
does not mean it to be what makes it not
reliable what makes it not reliable is
because number one you don't know where
this information came from you simply
don't we do it comes from the prophets
Isaiah Zechariah Daniel Malachi the
Torah it comes from the Gospel Matthew
Mark Luke and John the Epistles Romans
First Corinthians First Peter 1 second
third John comes Book of Revelation it
comes from Josephus the Jewish historian
who says Jesus was crucified under
Pontius pilot
cacus ran say Jesus was crucified under
Pontius pilot and it comes from Liberal
non-Christian non-religious SC
historians who all agree without a
shadow of a doubt that Jesus was
crucified on a pon
because of these sources okay what do
you mean okay let me explain something
to you number one you have you have
brought forth a bunch of texts that have
not been preserved throughout history
and and and and this is not something
you need to take my word for this is
something that Christian Scholars claim
that give me one give me one Christian
scholar that says that that our our
scriptures is
not give me one second yeah okay and and
other and other bring the schar bring
don't say nothing else give me the
Christian scholar who says our Bible is
not
preserved just that name give us that
name uh um do you see someone called
Warren in the queue
Warren Warden yeah Warden I think yeah I
see Warden Warden of the world some
someone said that that's the Jehovah's
Witness who wants to talk to us okay all
right for sure after this guy after this
or whenever here whenever you want to
take him
yeah I just want to let him know that
we're g to take him to his Jehovah's
when is Interlinear so just be prepared
for that
big you got this you got the name not
yet hold
on isn't it funny that he just threw his
colge under the bus that he didn't like
what they said he can throw them under
the bus no by the way I didn't say I
don't like what they said I said they
could be mistaken so we have to
understand something okay but this
scholar who you're this scholar who
you're looking up can't be mistaken
though this scholar you're looking can't
be mistaken
right no he can he can okay and and this
is why I mean go going back this we
still want to get his name though we
still want to get his name I
just just bear with me just please don't
say bman because you said Christian
scholar okay yes I
did yeah you know better than
that I know any name that's like a
western a western s name that that's a
Christian they think Hollywood is
Christian
only oh
man they they think Hollywood is
Christian like this the Muslims think
just because it's not a not a Muslim
name they're
Christian you took his only source J now
he's gonna
starve come on J that was a rookie move
now rookie
mistake let let them let them do
it that's what they do let let them
grasp at the
straws you guys are you guys are funny
you guys are funny thanks man appreciate
it hey man we got to laugh for key for
crying how bad your arguments
are hey I mean you haven't even let me
speak anything about what I wanted to
speak about but I understand that we
have to stick to the subject but the
subject has to do with that speak about
it though you just you said you weren't
familiar with the so now you're going to
look it up you said yeah so uh give us a
name I would have at least one name if I
was going to say Christian scholar say I
would just have at least one name yeah
my head it's multiple listen I don't
like I don't I never tend to get in
arguments or into like squirrels and
like I I don't I don't save all the
research that I do every day um it's
like I don't have it read read available
right now I didn't come in here to have
an argument I just wanted to clarify one
thing D don't don't act like you
researched this you never researched
this this this subject you never have be
real you just heard some Muslim say the
Bible hasn't been preserved no I I
didn't I actually I was listening I was
listening to the podcast with the with
the person himself
with that's what I'm trying to that's
what I'm trying to find I'm trying to go
into my history to find it
but a Christian was was the Muslim
interviewing him no no he was actually
just on a um I forgot what I think it's
his own podcast but he was just on a
podcast just talking about um Theology
and history and things that match up and
things that don't match up and and he
saying the Bible is not preserved he
yeah he's saying like word from word
what what was written down thousands of
years ago is not what we have
today I wonder um I wonder what's the
name of this
podcast yeah it's it's called dawa
listen I mean I could always pop back in
here and and put it in when I find it
but I just want I just yeah come come
back when you find it okay I I got you I
got you just give me some time I'll talk
to you guys later a it's always good
talking to you man you have a bless rest
of your day too it's it's okay H I am
appreciate man I'm willing to wait all
day for you br we'll pray for you man
pray that the Lord saves you